hi I'm Brian clay 2008 Olympic gold
medal in the decathlon and I am here in
London with rebecca soni six-time
olympic medalist in swimming Rebecca
talked to me a golden the 4 x 100-meter
relay medley relay right what is that
consistent and that's 100 of each stroke
and for swimmers so I swam the brush
stroke leg and we ended up breaking the
world record and a gold medal for Team
USA and it was the very last night of
competition so great way to wrap up and
awesome be all-around awesome and then
second gold was in the 200-meter
breaststroke and then silver in the
100-meter breaststroke what was the
difference just the distance or did you
swim better what was the deal there from
the very beginning I've always been a
200 swimmer I think it's just a longer
event so you can take it out a little
bit more controlled and kind of work the
back half we're in 100 it's just get off
the blocks and go as fast as possible
I've heard that the breaststroke is the
hardest stroke to learn it is that true
and can you explain why and a little bit
about the brush room you know I think it
is hardest to learn it's the most
natural I think all this jokes kind of
find you instead of you picking which
one you just happen to like the best so
talk to me about what it was like to win
this medal was it different than the
other experiences hi well after 2008 I
was really surprised to win that gold
medal so it took me a couple years to
actually really sink in what I had done
and what that gold medal meant and this
one is really special because I was able
to go under 220 and break the world
record in the 200 which I have been
trying to do for a really long time and
that it's incredible so i don't know if
it's totally sunk in this time around
yet i had the opportunity of spending a
bunch of time with your mom and dad and
your mom I love her she's awesome she's
a little firecracker I think she's she's
amazing what is it meant to have to have
her here and your dad here can you talk
to us about how they've been supporting
you over the last four years on this
journey and and what it's meant to you
to have them here it's been so great
they weren't able to come to
asian in 2008 and this time around it
was just amazing to have them here
they've been so supportive since I was a
little kid taking me to the pool at
three thirty in the morning and you know
they never forced me to swim they just
said like we want you to have fun and
that's what drove me to keep wanting to
do this so I'll never forget the first
time I saw them in the stands it was
just in pre lens then they were right
there and did they just look so happy
and I was so thrilled to share this
Olympic experience with them because I
know it's something special for them too
and not just for me I know it's a little
early to ask right now but Rio 2016
right now I have no idea I can't really
say um I'm excited to be where I am
right now and to have made it to london
and not really ready to think about 2016
but i'm really happy with how i did I
could you know change a few things in my
training and definitely would love to to
keep going through try to mastery over
yeah maybe yeah maybe like that shirt
yeah yeah we'll see I'm just having fun
with it and right now I'm just trying to
enjoy the moment and celebrate a little
bit so we're super proud of you we've
had so much fun watching you you put on
a fabulous show we've had a blast with
your parents and your family we want to
wish you the best and thank you for your
time here today good luck in the future